the crowd now in the state are watching
a dinar spree which is showing what
you're seeing on your television sets
back home under the la route sign one
commit ago a loot the big male or the
company major sponsor in the Peru
Beyeler many years also in the Tour de
France and they've got to come into
track there's enormous rock at mon casa
he's in here with a shout for a victory
for France Camille could also get
another victory to go to these first and
second he's had in the past 750 meters
to go then can mark a sign get this one
the first freshman to win the pair of
aces Gilbert Youkilis are but now
they're coming back up the experience
all together
the wonder track is all together Marcus
and Leeds come on Castle
she'll be the best sprinter at this one
has done so much work at Mercer was it
close it down
didn't the work to close down sources in
there to the watch out for the orange
jersey castle righto lying back about
fifteen upon castles in a very different
position here he done so much work he's
the best sprinter really he threw down
the gauntlet by going away with Jamil
together with babies a reserve fund
plate pressed on with this one but right
now this sprinters could have been
absolute home Liga 2 4 6 8 2 4 6 8 9
riders hit with the shack to win the
pyro Bay this the 95th edition is going
to be down to a sprint finish me these
men on the top that Jamil starts to go
through the front of the cell was they
are still there and suddenly sign over
top come squeeze turn up the la
francaise deja la frozen is your a
debris stone coming up over the top then
and down that fishy's time it squeeze it
out to the subtle try to come down
increasing his power we're here for the
transition and he's going to take the
victory
1:56 ahead of one so let's check that
one we stood up for here and boostin
who'd been doing nothing sitting in
there time that absolutely to a nicety
to take the victory I don't know one man
who's going to be so elated this team
manager who's won this race twice in the
past none other than Mark Mario will be
absolutely delighted with this one
the French have gone mad - because
they've got a victory then after do
Purcell one in 1992 and 93 and now
they've got to breezed on for this new
French team that frosted ensure the same
team that - Shandi rides for the first
men the girl crossing Grafton was pretty
sure that that was all your old mate
these blokes this morning shot come back
to Kali Mata wasn't it I think it went
across for the first look at this he
just chose it right nobody sat in the
wheels coming into all the finish all
the work that to be land
one capsule attorney cater nothing a
squeeze and took the victory yeah we saw
the way they came over the top there in
the swing he had such fresh legs he'd
obviously you know be saving saving
saving and he just just left them for
dead nice with that was a fantastic it's
great for the flashiest sure they have
had much success yet and you know we're
going to build an unknown quantity
well Fredrik we stone ball at 14th of
October 1971 watch him here coming
across the line and the is a new rod in
with the team he was with Groupon in
1995 with Polti last year 1996 and he's
had second places to Raley's but in his
greatest victory ever magnificent
performance by we start to take the Piru
Bay
you